Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Akiba Electric
Day of Nurina
E-Excuse me!
What year is it right now?
Um, it's the year 1992...
1992?
What?!
This is the worst of the worst!
Deep breaths! Deep breaths!
U-Um...
My name is Konoha Akisato!
I-I-I'm from the year 2023,
and I ended up in Akiba in 1992!
Something's weird here!
You've got the wrong person!
I'm just a poor, lowly illustrator!
I can't handle this at all!
It's freezing!
L-Listen!
You, watching this video right now!
If I end up dying here,
take the PC in my apartment,
and completely demolish it, without looking
at the contents of the hard drive!
Please, do it for me!
My home address is Tokyo-to,
Musashino-shi—
I'm out of battery...
"I Traveled Back in Time?!"
This is the worst of the worst!
I'm Konoha Akisato!
I work as an illustrator at Blue Bell,
a bishojo game company!
In the near future, I plan on
becoming a super-popular artist,
who brings cute, cheerful heroines
to life, one after another!
But the truth is...
Curry House Bongo
Listen up, everyone!
Blue Bell
This is going to be our next work!
The title is, that's right,
Welcome! MILF Hypnosis Salon!
New Game Title Proposal
Welcome!
MILF Hypnosis Salon
Blue Bell
Confidential
Final Draft
Oh, just look at the time.
We'll go through the rest tomorrow,
so read over the proposal.
The bishojo game industry these
days is doing really badly,
with light novels, gacha games,
and VTubers clobbering it left and right,
and my company, Blue Bell,
is the worst of the worst!
Our prez has given up on
selling full-priced games,
and he's going all in on the bargain market!
And in this two-bit bishojo game company...
I'm nothing more than a sub-illustrator!
As for the company's main artist...
Total lost cause with those ugly characters
Are they even trying with that box art
Anonymous Blue Belly
Hard pass with that outdated art style
Did they really think anyone would buy that
Anonymous Blue Belly
Whoever approved these character designs needs to see an eye doctor
That box art is just fundamentally bad
Total lost cause with those ugly characters
Hard pass with that outdated art style
Plain awful character designs lmao
Please stop letting this guy do the designs...
He's completely shattered after
getting dragged on social media,
and lost all his will to draw...
I joined this company because I love
cute girls and bishojo games...
First Day at Work
I'm gonna be a star illustrator!
That's what I said back then...
So why am I stuck coloring
in back views of men?!
Reality is just a crappy game!
Done for the day!
Let's get out of here.
Yep, time to leave.
Swipe up to unlock
Sofmap - Pick up pre-order
Good work today!
I'll be heading out!
Good work...
Can you please confirm that this
is the item you pre-ordered?
Ah, yes, th-that's the one.
Yep, th-thanks, um, a lot...
Thank you very much!
The latest Purple game!
I can't wait to play it!
Box Innards
Hungry
Off to the corner store
White Scrap of Cloth
Lick lick lollipop
Oh, that's cute!
Mental Plaque
Living up your youth?
Have a like!
Midnight Pizza Liker
Drew this with the motif of jellyfish and a jellyfish girl
Whoa, this one's sick, too!
This one's also good!
The next station is Nishi-Ogikubo.
Nishi-Ogikubo.
The doors on the right side will open.
The next station is Nishi-Ogikubo.
[Tragic] The eroge industry is going to die out before we know it
Anonymous Blue Belly
Why this...
Time to jump ship (to gacha games)
Anonymous Blue Belly
Of course (if you keep making nothing but shallow trash) it'd end up (with consumers leaving) that way
Blame the devs who don't put out anything decent too
Anonymous Blue Belly
Otaku nowadays are too busy with anime and gacha games to buy eroge
There are a lot less engaging titles now for real
Anonymous Blue Belly
It really is a serious matter
Where are all the anons who said that eroge was life?
Anonymous Blue Belly
Otaku nowadays are too busy with anime and gacha games to buy eroge
There are a lot less engaging titles now for real
Anonymous Blue Belly
It really is a serious matter
Grr...
Mitaka. Mitaka.
Just you wait, world!
One day, I'll have a game
with my art on this shelf!
But before that...
Overall Daily Rankings
#448 Debut!
#449
#450
Romancing HMX
I've gone down in the rankings!
It came out really good this time, too...
What am I missing?
Dang it!
Next time for sure!
Now, then...
Image color is white
Angel who's half-human, half-fairy
Likes:
Lily-of-the-valley, cats, pudding
Dislikes:
Spicy food, bitter food,
fighting, evening sky,
spiky things
Fluffy
floaty
Only child Sisters?
Always a bright smile on her face
Makes everyone around her happy
Envision soft lines
Draw 1 10 3 pictures every day!
Can't swim. (likes the sea)
Hair takes on color when she uses her power
Length? Long hair could work too
(Make design sheet!)
Collects flower and wing accessories
Bad at lying
Angel
Angel who's half-human, half-fairy
Love!!
I'll make her a popular heroine for sure!!!
Pay attention down to the tips of her toes and fingers
Important to establish her character!
Aim for over 1,000 likes!
I'll make her a popular
heroine for sure!!!
Curry House Bongo
New Game Title Proposal
Welcome!
MILF Hypnosis Salon
Blue Bell
Confidential
Final Draft
Okay, continuing where
we left off yesterday,
have you all taken a look at the proposal?
I have a suggestion!
Oh, it's just you.
A suggestion, you say?
An idea for our new game?
Yes!
It's a way better idea
than what you have now!
So what's it about?
It begins, well, in the midst of battle!
On a far-off planet, there's a war underway!
I think every story needs to start
in a super-distant location!
Is this Earth in the future?
Or are we in a different
dimension altogether?!
My, oh my!
Meanwhile, you have a girl who attends
school in the Japanese countryside!
But then, half of her body
melts away to nothing!
Hey, now!
How long is this story?!
Um, this is still the opening,
so the heroine hasn't shown up yet.
So far, I've talked about
the heroine's friend—
That's enough of that!
How many minutes are you going to
waste on explaining the opening?!
What kind of game are you
trying to make here?!
Do you know how much it'd cost
to make a game like that?!
Are you trying to bankrupt
us with your dream game?!
The days when people would buy
monumental games are long gone!
This 4,500 yen MILF hypnosis
game is all we can manage now!
It's still cold.
Is the microwave busted?
I'm gonna go buy some lunch!
Making a MILF hypnosis game
because you have no funds...
You're gonna have plenty of rivals,
and there's no way you can compete with the
ones that specialize in hypnosis plots...
The days when people would buy
monumental games are long gone!
I know. In times like these...
Seven Lucky Gods
When you're in trouble, turn to the gods!
I wish for a full-priced game,
with me as main artist!
If you can grant that
wish, I'll do whatever...
Well, maybe not.
But I'll do almost whatever you ask!
So please consider it!
Used Games
Game Shop BiBi?
A used video game store? Here?!
I had no clue.
I can't believe I hadn't noticed!
Not a very exciting selection.
They sell bishojo games here!
What do we have here?
A hundred yen for Kanon?!
A hundred yen for ComiPa, too?!
A hundred yen for Rance?!
What?!
First Edition
Bonuses Included
It's not an empty box.
It comes with everything inside...
U-Um, excuse me!
Oh, welcome.
You see, I'm not trying to buy this.
Um, why is this game so cheap?
Oh, I thought the box looked a little grimy.
This much is nothing!
This is a first press edition of Kanon!
If you sell this for 100 yen,
resellers are going to snatch it up!
Resellers?
I don't know much about all that business...
Granny, this here is a masterpiece!
It's very valuable!
Even if you didn't dump it in the
bargain bin, plenty of people would...
What kind of game is it?
Huh?
What kind of game?
You want me to talk about it?
Me?
Yes.
Really?!
Of course.
Tell me all about it.
Ahem!
Well, you see, Kanon was released in 1999,
and it's a really entertaining game!
This girl's name is Ayu,
and she goes "uguu"!
"Uguu"!
"Uguu"?
This bin is filled with all
of these incredible games!
So please give them some higher prices...
You sure do love video games,
don't you, young lady?
O-Oh, well...
A-All of this is common knowledge
for bishojo game otaku!
I-I'm so sorry!
I went off and blabbed on all
by myself for so long...
I need to get back to the office.
Konoha-chan, do you like
games with girls in them?
Huh? I-Is that weird?
No, not at all.
Seeing cute girls really cheers me up.
But the girls in these games
are more than just cute.
They cry, laugh, face lots of worries,
but despite that, they stay
strong and try their best...
These girls shine brightest within a game!
There's a girl who I want
to star in her own game.
I want her to go on a grand adventure!
Which is why I want it to be a game,
and not just illustrations.
Bishojo games are where cute
girls can truly come alive!
I don't know much about video games,
but I'm sure that any game you
make would be very fun to play.
Granny!
Goodness, what's wrong?
No one at work will listen
to what I have to say.
I'm just as aware as everyone else!
Our company could never
make a full-priced game!
Even so, I just want someone to hear
me out a little, just a little!
Games are supposed to be fun
and fill you with excitement...
But no one at our company dares to dream!
A game that doesn't dare to
dream isn't a game at all!
I don't care if it's a game about hypnosis!
I want to make a game that dares to dream!
And you can't stop working at that company?
Well, um...
I don't have it in me to be so assertive...
Quitting would be too scary, so that's
gonna be a no sirree from me...
Dearie me...
But thanks to you, it feels like I
managed to shake off some of my gloom!
Um, may I come back here?
Yes, of course.
Feel free to visit whenever we're open.
Thanks, granny!
Maybe I'll stop by that BiBi game
store I found during lunch.
Thank you very much!
Taiyaki Specialty Truck
Homemade Ogura-an
Taiyaki...
Maybe I should bring something to thank
her for listening to me earlier.
Excuse me!
FOR LEASE
Please feel free to contact us
Akihabara Properties
Eh?
Huh?
Wasn't this the place?
It's unlocked...
A paper bag?
For Konoha-chan.
For Konoha-chan
Thank you for the fun chat
Thank you for the fun chat.
Granny...
Everything looked normal during lunchtime.
Did she fly the coop in the afternoon?
No, that's impossible!
No way she cleared this
place out so quickly!
Don't tell me that this is
a parting gift from her...
Wait!
Doukyuusei
These are the games I
talked about back then!
All masterpieces!
It must have been so thrilling back then.
The golden age of bishojo games!
Look at all of these cute
girls out in the world...
Doukyuusei
Am I going to spend my entire life
without accomplishing anything?
Doukyuusei...
The DOS version...
Huh? Wh-What?!
Personal Computers
OA
System Place
Personal Computers
& Word Processors
for Cheap
Personal Computer Station
Personal computers
are going to
get more exciting!
Tanaka Radio
Sewing Machines &
Washing Machines
TVs & VHS
Freezers & Microwaves
Special Audio Campaign
Huh?!
Tanaka Radio
Color TVs
Karaoke
We're almost at the end of 1992.
How did the year turn out for everyone?
Choice "I'll go with Erina"
"I'm not sure"
Rie "Hmm, perhaps this is fate at work. Why don't you go with
Choice "I'll go with Erina"
"I'm not sure"
As for me, this was finally the year...
that I still didn't get a boyfriend!
Kaori, turn that radio off.
It's bumming me out!
Here we are on Christmas, busy with
working instead of out on a date!
If that's how you feel,
get to debugging, Manager!
Kyonshi-san, are you done
with the text for Scene 33?
I'm on it right now!
Execute in debug mode? [Y/N] Y
[ Debug Mode ]
Save logs? [Y/N] Y
Display report on error? [Y/N] Y
A:\beta\prog_dbg.exe /p /e /l
Allocating execution memory... OK
Initializing... OK
Reading gconf.bin... OK
Executing
Log saved [A:\beta
A:\
Um, Mamoru-kun.
I'm getting an error.
Do you know why?
Hey!
Can't you read this?
Um... PBA?
What's that mean?
Programming skills, bozos! Acquire them!
My program is flawless.
You're the ones meddling
with it without thinking,
forcing it to error out, and then
I have to clean up after you!
W-Well...
Think about how this 98 must feel!
The 9801 is working as hard as it can!
Don't make wonky files and
make it spit out errors!
Things used to be better...
Back when everyone was a programmer...
There goes Mamocchi's
98-itis acting up again.
Only 15 and already missing
the good old days.
U-Um...
We're all counting on you, Mamoru-kun.
Revised Edition
Programmer Training Course Ver. 5.2
Programming
Basics of Basics
What every beginner should do first
What's happening while a personal computer runs?
Steps and essentials to make it run
I'm learning how to program, too.
So help me debug it!
Pretty please!
The file size on save is probably
what's causing the error.
I'll fix it later.
Where are you going, Mamocchi?
I'm going outside for some coffee.
You know 100 yen isn't enough anymore!
Not with the consumption tax now!
I know that!
Warm
What's so great about bishojo games?
Why are we still debugging?
We should have finished a long time ago!
That's how game programming works!
Grown-ups should really know better!
If I didn't have to help
out Dad with his company,
there's no way I'd bother with this!
I'm calling it quits.
Once this game is finished,
I'll call it quits with these
no-good bishojo games!
What was that?
Ouch!
Ow, ow, ow...
Wh-Who are you?!
Ah! Sorry! Sorry!
I-I was just in a bit of a panic...
Personal Computer Shop "R"
I-It's gone!
My workplace!
Um, it's the year 1992...
The year 1992...
Seriously? For real?
I traveled back in time?!
Akihabara, December 1992
Huh?
16bit Sensation:
Another Layer
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
"Let's Make Bishojo Games Together!"↵
HELP for help
MENU1      MENU2     MENU3      SPLIT         FIND           REPLACE      CUT         COPY       PASTE     TAG:JP